A big as welcome back to last time we had our input feels will set up with the style and now we're going
to continue with this and we're going to start by adding some style to this place holder just changed
the colour the moment this graden the very good it's not easy to see with this background.
So the way you change the place hold of an input field a slightly different opening tab and just type
in a place holder colour see SS place holder chalasi Assassin.
Just do a google search for that and you'll find an answer from Stack Overflow to type answer.
The top result which explains it pretty well.
Scroll down to the first answer and you see this user said that there are three ways to do it you can
use pseudo ermine's or you can use pseudo classes or you can do nothing at all different browsers render
their place holder slightly differently and different browsers require different code to do it.
So to change a place of colour for example in Mozilla Firefox version for the version 18 you need to
do it this way Firefox 19 plus.
You do it this way with the to go on.
It's Explorer 10 to 11 you need to do it this way.
Web Kit applies to go.
We do it this way.
So the easiest way rather than me explain it and type all this out is if you come to this question and
copy and paste paragraphs and copy in base code those that are registered does the SS class and you
could be a Ribe of the Imbo container one if you want to make despose in the same areas at a pace that
it just changes colour to everyone.
We're going to use white so just what f f f can't be in base f f f they're there and there and save
that now and we should see and refresh our page.
A white funnel like that they go.
There's your white front in case of that.
That was the easiest way for me to explain it rather than me typing all this out as we as we go it's
easy if you go to that question and copy and paste it and that word user.
If you read the whole and say explains it all quite well too.
So he can explain now far better than I would be able to.
Snacks and movie star the labels which are these parts right here and this is going to be about four
lines of code.
So right click on the label click inspect.
No shortcut.
You do it all.
Click on Arrow then select the label.
It all works.
An inside dare just put colour and irey have a grey colour.
So I truly know what that colour value is so I know it's a 0 8 0 8 0 which is socket grey or colour
and you go that you see.
But if you change it you click on the square and then he can move around with the colours and see what
you like best.
But I know that works well use that for a font size going to be 13 pixels so I get a little bit smaller
then margin.
Top is going to be 15 pixels like that.
Okay and if I copy and paste that and go back to our seats as file and again just per input contain
a label like that and paste that in.
Save it.
Refresh the page you should see that style slide all the label abuse case that they're all about that
slightly smaller font size now in the same font colour too.
So there we are.